{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\ri0\sl-340\sa170\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\fs22 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw1
113069main_shuttle_trivia.pdf
\f1\i0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw1
. (n.d.). Retrieved from https://www.nasa.gov/sites/default/files/113069main_shuttle_trivia.pdf\
ARGeo. (n.d.). ios\'97Add ARSCNView programmatically. Retrieved December 8, 2019, from Stack Overflow website: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/47007614/add-arscnview-programmatically\

\f0\i \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw1
Asteroid Impact Avoidance
\f1\i0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw1
. (n.d.). Retrieved from https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Asteroid_impact_avoidance\
Bhoopi. (n.d.). camera\'97NSCameraUsageDescription in iOS 10.0 runtime crash? Retrieved December 8, 2019, from Stack Overflow website: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/39465687/nscamerausagedescription-in-ios-10-0-runtime-crash\
BlackMirrorz. (n.d.-a). ios\'97How to point and position arkit text. Retrieved December 8, 2019, from Stack Overflow website: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/50591866/how-to-point-and-position-arkit-text\
BlackMirrorz. (n.d.-b). ios\'97Rotate object in ARkit. Retrieved December 8, 2019, from Stack Overflow website: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/50368377/rotate-object-in-arkit\
CodeWithChris. (n.d.). 
\f0\i \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw1
iOS Tutorial (2019): How To Make Your First App
\f1\i0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw1
. Retrieved from https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=09TeUXjzpKs\
Coetsee, B., & Bradshaw, M. (n.d.). ios\'97How to dismiss keyboard when touching anywhere outside UITextField (in swift)? Retrieved December 8, 2019, from Stack Overflow website: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/32281651/how-to-dismiss-keyboard-when-touching-anywhere-outside-uitextfield-in-swift\
Deichelmann, J., & Heinen, F. (n.d.). ios\'97Delaying function in swift. Retrieved December 8, 2019, from Stack Overflow website: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/28821722/delaying-function-in-swift\
Farahani, M. R. (n.d.). ios\'97Is there anyway to identify the touched node in ARKit? Retrieved December 8, 2019, from Stack Overflow website: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/56393370/is-there-anyway-to-identify-the-touched-node-in-arkit\
Https://www.redshift-live.com/de/magazine/articles/Exploring_Space/8671-Rocket_speed-1.html. (n.d.). Retrieved December 8, 2019, from https://www.redshift-live.com/de/magazine/articles/Exploring_Space/8671-Rocket_speed-1.html\
Ib\'e1\'f1ez, M.-B., & Delgado-Kloos, C. (2018). Augmented reality for STEM learning: A systematic review. 
\f0\i \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw1
Computers & Education
\f1\i0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw1
, 
\f0\i \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw1
123
\f1\i0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw1
, 109\'96123. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.compedu.2018.05.002\
internetofmine. (n.d.). export\'97Exporting Texture Files as PNG or JPG. Retrieved December 8, 2019, from Blender Stack Exchange website: https://blender.stackexchange.com/questions/106128/exporting-texture-files-as-png-or-jpg\
ios\'97How to convert .dae to .scn files in SceneKit. (n.d.). Retrieved December 8, 2019, from Stack Overflow website: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/31627965/how-to-convert-dae-to-scn-files-in-scenekit\
Kizito, R. N. (2016). Connectivism in Learning Activity Design: Implications for Pedagogically-Based Technology Adoption in African Higher Education Contexts. 
\f0\i \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw1
International Review of Research in Open and Distributed Learning; Athabasca
\f1\i0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw1
, 
\f0\i \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw1
17
\f1\i0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw1
(2). Retrieved from http://search.proquest.com/docview/1770070763/abstract/7854368A3DC84FF2PQ/1\
KnightOfDragon. (n.d.). objective c\'97IOS can i integrate scenekit or spritekit with single view application. Retrieved December 8, 2019, from Stack Overflow website: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/39629926/ios-can-i-integrate-scenekit-or-spritekit-with-single-view-application\
Layer, B. (2018, November 5). Importing .dae models into SceneKit. Retrieved December 8, 2019, from Fueled website: https://fueled.com/blog/importing-dae-models-scenekit/\
LinusGeffarth. (n.d.). ios\'97SceneKit \'96 Display multiple scenes in same SCNView. Retrieved December 8, 2019, from Stack Overflow website: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/28655395/scenekit-display-multiple-scenes-in-same-scnview\
Mueller, H. (n.d.). ios\'97Changing the value of string on SCNText produces no change. Retrieved December 8, 2019, from Stack Overflow website: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/35733916/changing-the-value-of-string-on-scntext-produces-no-change\
O\'92Shea, P. M., & Elliott, J. B. (2016). Augmented Reality in Education: An Exploration and Analysis of Currently Available Educational Apps. In C. Allison, L. Morgado, J. Pirker, D. Beck, J. Richter, & C. G\'fctl (Eds.), 
\f0\i \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw1
Immersive Learning Research Network
\f1\i0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw1
 (pp. 147\'96159). Springer International Publishing.\
Punn, A. (n.d.-a). ARKit 101: How to Launch Your Own Augmented Reality Rocket into the Real World Skies. Retrieved December 8, 2019, from Next Reality website: https://mobile-ar.reality.news/how-to/arkit-101-launch-your-own-augmented-reality-rocket-into-real-world-skies-0184922/\
Punn, A. (n.d.-b). ARKit 101: How to Pilot Your 3D Plane to a Location Using \'93hitTest\'94 in ARKit. Retrieved December 8, 2019, from Next Reality website: https://mobile-ar.reality.news/how-to/arkit-101-pilot-your-3d-plane-location-using-hittest-arkit-0184060/\
Radovanovic, D., & Sundermier, A. (n.d.). Here\'92s The Massive Amount of Fuel It Takes to Launch a Rocket Into Space\'97Measured in Elephants. Retrieved December 8, 2019, from https://www.sciencealert.com/here-s-the-massive-amount-of-fuel-it-takes-to-launch-a-rocket-into-space-measured-in-elephants\
Rauschnabel, P. A., Rossmann, A., & tom Dieck, M. C. (2017). An adoption framework for mobile augmented reality games: The case of Pok\'e9mon Go. 
\f0\i \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw1
Computers in Human Behavior
\f1\i0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw1
, 
\f0\i \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw1
76
\f1\i0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw1
, 276\'96286. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.chb.2017.07.030\
Rex. (n.d.). ios\'97How to add ARKit in single view application. Retrieved December 8, 2019, from Stack Overflow website: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/45342327/how-to-add-arkit-in-single-view-application\
Secret agent Icons\'97Free Download, PNG and SVG. (n.d.). Retrieved December 8, 2019, from https://icons8.com/icons/set/secret%20agent\
Siemens, G. (2017a). Connectivism. In 
\f0\i \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw1
Foundations of Learning and Instructional Design Technology
\f1\i0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw1
. Retrieved from https://lidtfoundations.pressbooks.com/chapter/connectivism-a-learning-theory-for-the-digital-age/\
Siemens, G. (2017b). Connectivism. In 
\f0\i \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw1
Foundations of Learning and Instructional Design Technology
\f1\i0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw1
. Retrieved from https://lidtfoundations.pressbooks.com/chapter/connectivism-a-learning-theory-for-the-digital-age/\
Solt, P. (n.d.). 
\f0\i \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw1
Create a UIScrollView using Auto Layout in Storyboard for Xcode 9
\f1\i0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw1
. Retrieved from https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nfHBCQ3c4Mg\
Tam, M. (2000). 
\f0\i \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw1
Constructivism, instructional design, and technology: Implications for transforming distance learning
\f1\i0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw1
. Retrieved from http://www.ifets.info/journals/3_2/tam.html\
Van Der Lee, A. (2019, January 22). How to use for loop, for each, while, and repeat in Swift (in-depth). Retrieved December 8, 2019, from SwiftLee website: https://www.avanderlee.com/swift/loops-swift/\
Zaitsev, Y. (n.d.). Protecting Earth Against Asteroids. Retrieved December 8, 2019, from http://www.spacedaily.com/reports/Protecting_Earth_Against_Asteroids_999.html\
Zaremba, H. (n.d.). How Much Fuel Does It Take To Get To The Moon? | OilPrice.com. Retrieved December 8, 2019, from https://oilprice.com/Energy/Energy-General/How-Much-Fuel-Does-It-Take-To-Get-To-The-Moon.html\
zay116Follow. (n.d.). How to Add a Texture in Blender. Retrieved December 8, 2019, from Instructables website: https://www.instructables.com/id/How-to-add-a-texture-in-Blender/\
}